# Beaconite
Android Application for my master thesis

Beaconite is a location based game to be played indoors.
The localization is implemented via BLE Beacons and a fingerprinting algorithm.

Basic setup is that you freely place BLE Beacons all over the area you want the game to take place.
Then a stager makes a game that a player can then explore.

It is a proof of concept for my master thesis therefore the game/application is not finished and not as pretty as I wanted it to be. But the focus was the written thesis and this application more for evaluatiing the basic concept of recognizing indoor places via BLE Beacons and using it in a game.
The UI as well as the fingerprinting algorithm need refining.

Basically: a stager prepares a game in an indoor environment. Caches, places relevant for the game - wehre game actions take place - can be set freely in the complete area.
The player then has to explore the indoor area and discover places and tackle obstacles.

In detail:
Two modes: Staging and Playing
The stager creates a playable game.
The caches (spots where any kind of game action ist placed) are generated by the stager as well as the connection between those caches.
For example: A cache could contain a dangerous beast and in an other cache is an item to tackle this danger. Or the stager wants to guide the player in a certain way or model dead ends.
These relationships are modeled as a directed graph with attributes assigned to its edges and vertices. The vertices are the caches.
A cache is definied by recording a fingerprint of the location the cache needs to be.

Playing: a player selcets a game and starts to explore the indoor area. In the backgroud a service checks if a cache/the fingerprint of the cache was recognized.
If there is a cache the player gets informed and if all requirements are (not) met to conquer a cache.
